In my hand trace, I started the address at 1000 and incremented it based on the size of each datatype, which I found using the sizeof function: char is 1 byte, int and float are 4 bytes each, and a pointer is 8 bytes. The hand trace was done as a simplified exercise in understanding how memory is allocated for each variable in the given program. In the actual program output in UNIX, the addresses were hexadecimal, and these addresses are assigned by the operating system when the program is run and can vary each time the program is run. A difference I noticed is that the given addresses from the program output are much larger than the ones from my hand trace, possibly due to the large amount of memory the operating system is working with whereas I chose an arbitrary starting address. Furthermore, I noticed that in the actual program output, the difference between the consecutive addresses didn't always necessarily match the expected sizes of the datatypes for example, going from argc to argv to num1. This is in contrast to my hand trace where I could easily predict and increment the address based on the byte values for each datatype as noted earlier. This difference could be due to several reasons, among them being the stack frame where a function call creates a stack frame that includes more than the function's variable for example, the return address, local variables, and saved registers, which could affect the addresses of the variables. Another thing I noticed was the actual values given for the program output. Firstly, my hand trace didn't include values for argc, argv, num1. For argc, it is assigned 1 in the program output. For argv, it is assigned a hexadecimal value because it is a pointer to a pointer, which I wouldn't be able to anticipate as a user. num1 takes the value 0 because it is likely that in my environment, the uninitialized variable is by default given the value of 0. I would also like to note that for ca[2] the value is a null character, which does not have a visible representation in the console when printed but is otherwise there to represent the end of the string. In general, the hand trace is a rudimentary way in understanding how memory is allocated for this program, which can lead to predictable and logical results for our understanding. The actual program output however can be influenced by many factors and might not increment exactly as I'd expect based on the sizes of the datatypes.